Love! Thank you for being my website psychopomp.

Here's what I'm thinking now: ditch the dual-portal thing. We can do a simple homepage with current offerings and projects and a short about blurb, and then a menu (not picky about where, either on the top or along the side) with these categories: "home," "blog," "book a reading," "about" and "contact"

On the homepage, I'm imagining a heading for each category, with associated buttons that have an image and a blurb that link to the appropriate places. I use lowercase just about everywhere on my substack, except for proper nouns (no I know I'm not trying to be e.e. cummings, it's just vapid stylistic shit) so if we kept that going on the site I think that would give it an "on brand" feel (ugh)

The first heading would say offerings and include a button for birth chart readings and one for Re-Rooting. 

birth chart readings: The image I have in mind is the same as the one on the "celestial guidance" button on the current site. Here's the blurb: "it's impossible to become lucid in our dreaming when we imagine the setting is already fixed. Expand your vision to the mutable web of relationality at play in your life through a 60-minute sliding-scale session with the stars."  

Re-Rooting: a Landmark Map to the Wild Soul: the image here can just be the cover of the book. Here's a link to purchase: https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/re-rooting-courtney-chandrea/1136433466 And here's the blurb: "an illustrated ebook that reads like The Artist's Way for the rewilder. Complete with twelve weeks of short essays, guided meditations and a list of accessible activities to deepen your relationship with the animate earth. Great as a personal, immersive curriculum or as a dynamic group experience."

The next heading would say current projects -- I only have one button for this category.

the ecology of the zodiac: the image here I'm thinking might be the image of the dancing cranes that I used on this essay: https://dreamthewilderness.substack.com/p/libra-as-ecology. Here's the link to the series, which takes you to a specific category of posts on my substack: https://dreamthewilderness.substack.com/t/the-ecology-of-the-zodiac and here's the blurb: "an essay series exploring the ecological functions of the star signs. What are the essential natures of these celestial archetypes? Where do we see their qualities in the natural world? What necessary roles do they play in our wider ecologies? You can sign up to receive new monthly installments of the series to your inbox for free; access to archived essays is available for only $7 a month.

For the "about" blurb, I'm thinking a switch in format might be appropriate here. Like maybe a colored band at the bottom with a photo instead of the button format, with a "read more about Courtney here" link that takes the user to the full about page. The image, as well as the text for the full about page can be ripped from the top section of my about page on substack (the bottom section of that page is just a bunch of substack housekeeping, not relevant). Here's the blurb: "Courtney Chandrea is a writer, animist, and consulting Hellenistic astrologer exploring perception and imagination within the living cosmos. You can read more about Courtney here."

I think anything I left out here should be self explanatory??? But if it isn't send me questions!

Oh! Colors: I use F2F2E3 as a base and 78A97 as an accent (you can see them at work in my sig below) but if there's a nice earthy dark brown Claude comes up with for use when a dark accent is needed, that would be cool. 

Ok. That's everything I can think of for right now. So much appreciation for you!!!